aeromexico training is the company of
aeromexico group specialized in
design development and application of
technical training programs
commercial technical aeronautical quality in
the service
human development and competencies
language is the center of
most important aeronautical training
of Latin America created to give
response to training needs
training and training
various companies in this group as well as
companies related to the world of
aviation aeromexico training is
recognized for its modernity and
state-of-the-art technology and for your equipment
of instructors of the highest
experience and qualification
to meet and exceed expectations
of our clients generating value to
our shareholders and the industry of
aviation in aeromexico training
training is a commitment that allows
strengthen the foundations of an industry
safer reliable and with greater
scopes where we seek to optimize and
enhance the skills and
knowledge of those who are part of
the aeronautical industry while
favors its integral development
Our mission has as a point of
starting the development of a capacity
innovative in terms of quality and
cost-benefit in the technological field
in the formation of its human resources
in the equipment facilities of
vanguard as well as at the levels of
excellence and effectiveness
Aeromexico training imparts courses
in the various areas that cover the
world of the aeronautical industry
pilots training
aeronautical maintenance training
aviation flight attendants training
ground operations training
air safety training
training systems
sales reservations and documentation
passenger development and human factors
language skills courses
cargo in dangerous goods
air cargo security
transport of live animals transport
of perishable cargo transportation
terrestrial and maritime air are the
center certified by the dga ce for the
assessment of linguistic competence
in the English language to obtain
the capacity of radio operator
international restricted aeronautics
Aeromexico training is highlighted by
offer the development of programs
tailored training according to the
needs of companies or
institutions that require our
services
We offer training courses in
Spanish or English has a place where
located your aeromexico company
training has three venues
Mexico Guadalajara and Monterrey
our great experience as well as the
quality of our courses and services
they have allowed us to take our
programs throughout the territory
Mexican as well as center and South America
USA
asia and this is made possible by the
existence of a broad set of
state-of-the-art facilities and services
computerized training systems
and multimedia flight simulators besides
of flight and pool familiarizers
for aquatization practices and
emergencies in aeromexico training
we are also a training center
professional for young people interested in
join the industry of the
aviation through technical careers
oriented to answer the needs
current market, always looking for
the levels of excellence in
teaching-learning processes
we impart the technician careers the
maintenance of aircraft in
specialties of engines and gliders
electronic systems of aircraft
structures and coatings of
aircraft operations officer
aviation surcharges
people
we invite you to learn more about aeromexico
training for more information and
less to telephones 50 63 8,000 or 50
63 80 84 through our page
internet www.aeromexico.com punto mx o
write us to that point training
dotcom training 1m